If Elaine would be seated next to Kosmo she would be 2 percents less happy.
If Elaine would be seated next to Estelle she would be 62 percents less happy.
If Elaine would be seated next to Newman she would be 65 percents more happy.
If Elaine would be seated next to Jerry she would be 21 percents more happy.
If Elaine would be seated next to Frank she would be 81 percents less happy.
If Elaine would be seated next to George she would be 4 percents less happy.
If Elaine would be seated next to Marisa she would be 80 percents less happy.
If Kosmo would be seated next to Elaine he would be 93 percents more happy.
If Kosmo would be seated next to Estelle he would be 19 percents more happy.
If Kosmo would be seated next to Newman he would be 5 percents more happy.
If Kosmo would be seated next to Jerry he would be 49 percents more happy.
If Kosmo would be seated next to Frank he would be 68 percents more happy.
If Kosmo would be seated next to George he would be 23 percents more happy.
If Kosmo would be seated next to Marisa he would be 29 percents more happy.
If Estelle would be seated next to Elaine she would be 54 percents less happy.
If Estelle would be seated next to Kosmo she would be 70 percents less happy.
If Estelle would be seated next to Newman she would be 37 percents less happy.
If Estelle would be seated next to Jerry she would be 46 percents less happy.
If Estelle would be seated next to Frank she would be 33 percents more happy.
If Estelle would be seated next to George she would be 35 percents less happy.
If Estelle would be seated next to Marisa she would be 10 percents more happy.
If Newman would be seated next to Elaine he would be 43 percents more happy.
If Newman would be seated next to Kosmo he would be 96 percents less happy.
If Newman would be seated next to Estelle he would be 53 percents less happy.
If Newman would be seated next to Jerry he would be 30 percents less happy.
If Newman would be seated next to Frank he would be 12 percents less happy.
If Newman would be seated next to George he would be 75 percents more happy.
If Newman would be seated next to Marisa he would be 20 percents less happy.
If Jerry would be seated next to Elaine he would be 8 percents more happy.
If Jerry would be seated next to Kosmo he would be 89 percents less happy.
If Jerry would be seated next to Estelle he would be 69 percents less happy.
If Jerry would be seated next to Newman he would be 34 percents less happy.
If Jerry would be seated next to Frank he would be 95 percents more happy.
If Jerry would be seated next to George he would be 34 percents more happy.
If Jerry would be seated next to Marisa he would be 99 percents less happy.
If Frank would be seated next to Elaine he would be 97 percents less happy.
If Frank would be seated next to Kosmo he would be 6 percents more happy.
If Frank would be seated next to Estelle he would be 9 percents less happy.
If Frank would be seated next to Newman he would be 56 percents more happy.
If Frank would be seated next to Jerry he would be 17 percents less happy.
If Frank would be seated next to George he would be 18 percents more happy.
If Frank would be seated next to Marisa he would be 56 percents less happy.
If George would be seated next to Elaine he would be 45 percents more happy.
If George would be seated next to Kosmo he would be 76 percents more happy.
If George would be seated next to Estelle he would be 63 percents more happy.
If George would be seated next to Newman he would be 54 percents more happy.
If George would be seated next to Jerry he would be 54 percents more happy.
If George would be seated next to Frank he would be 30 percents more happy.
If George would be seated next to Marisa he would be 7 percents more happy.
If Marisa would be seated next to Elaine she would be 31 percents more happy.
If Marisa would be seated next to Kosmo she would be 32 percents less happy.
If Marisa would be seated next to Estelle she would be 95 percents more happy.
If Marisa would be seated next to Newman she would be 91 percents more happy.
If Marisa would be seated next to Jerry she would be 66 percents less happy.
If Marisa would be seated next to Frank she would be 75 percents less happy.
If Marisa would be seated next to George she would be 99 percents less happy.